Scenario:

Every day, we pull a large CSV file (images40.txt) with products, parse the file into our format and insert, update or delete products from our database. (the delete step must have a flag and be an option)

Import a very large CSV file, convert the data to the JSON format indicated in the sample-products.json and save it to Mongo. DO NOT import sample-products.json. That serves as an example of the format we are expecting you to convert images40.txt to.

Before saving a product, you need to make sure that all vendors are up to date and you will use the document ids for vendorId and manufacturerId.

At the end of each 

Tech:
Typescript
Mongo
Nestjs + Schedulers
LangChanTS

Prerequisites: 
Understand what products with variants is
Check what data needs to be saved before
You are the owner of the task, you decide
If you see a value that is referenced from somewhere else, unknown, just simulate it.
Deduct the data format based on sample


Information:
There are 2 variants: ItemDescription → description and Packaging → packaging fields
docId is a internal id we generate with nanoid v4
Options[].id is just a random string
There are 100k+ rows that should turn into 13k products (if variants are generated correctly)
You only have 2GB of RAM available
Each ProductID must be unique across all records.
The ItemID must be unique within the context of its respective ProductID group.
During imports, product data may be modified, requiring updates or deletions of existing products based on the new information.
When deleting products, consider handling cases where products might already be associated with existing orders and determine the appropriate action.
To retrieve comprehensive information for a specific product, group all related records by ProductID.

Ignore:
Categories
Everything that is not in the data{} in the JSON




Your task:

Import all the products and vendors using a scheduled task that runs once per day.
All products must have their description field enhanced using OpenAI by passing the name and category. If the product has a description, pass it for enhancement. Some products are missing descriptions, so use only name and category.





You are an expert in medical sales. Your specialty is medical consumables used by hospitals on a daily basis. Your task to enhance the description of a product based on the information provided.

Product name: $name
Product description: $description
Category: $nameOfCategory

New Description:
